V2 - Support for Angular 17, new build system, new defaults (#179)
angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages: docs/README_standalone.md

```

Note: you can skip the permanent installation, too.
The command `npx` is also able to install `angular-cli-ghpages` on the first usage, if you want.

## Usage

Execute `npx angular-cli-ghpages` in order to deploy the project with a build from `dist` folder.  

> **Note: you have to create the `dist` folder in before (e.g. `ng build --prod`)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: You have to create the `dist` folder in before (e.g. `ng build --prod`)**
```

> **Note: You have to create the `dist` folder in before (e.g. `ng build --prod`)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: You have to create the `dist` folder first (e.g. by running `ng build --prod`).**
```

npx angular-cli-ghpages --dir=www
```

## Extra

For your convenience, the command will recognize the [environment variable](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/environment-variables/#Defining-Variables-in-Repository-Settings) `GH_TOKEN` and will replace this pattern in the `--repo` string. Please **do NOT disable the silent mode** if you have any credentials in the repository URL! Read more about [Github tokens here](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use/).

In example, the following command runs [on our Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/angular-buch/book-monkey2):

```bash
npx angular-cli-ghpages --repo=https://GH_TOKEN@github.com/<username>/<repositoryname>.git --name="Displayed Username" --email=mail@example.org
```

> You have to treat the GH_TOKEN as secure as a password!

## Options

#### --help <a name="help"></a>

- Example: `npx angular-cli-ghpages --help`

Output usage information.

#### --version <a name="version"></a>

- Example: `npx angular-cli-ghpages --version`

Output the version number. Please provide the version number on any bug report!

#### --repo <a name="repo"></a>

- **optional**

> - Default: url of the origin remote of the current dir (assumes a git repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default: URL of the origin remote of the current dir (assumes a git repository)
```

- Example: `npx angular-cli-ghpages --repo=https://GH_TOKEN@github.com/<username>/<repositoryname>.git`

By default, **gh-pages** assumes that the current working directory is a git repository,
and that you want to push changes to the `origin` remote.
If instead your files are not in a git repository, or if you want to push to another repository,
you can provide the repository URL in the `repo` option.

#### --message <a name="message"></a>

- **optional**
- Default: `Auto-generated commit [ci skip]`
- Example: `npx angular-cli-ghpages --message="What could possibly go wrong?"`

> The commit message, **must be wrapped in quotes**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commit message **must be wrapped in quotes**.  
```
